hello welcome to my kitchen this is Matt
0.09 yes this is Matt Everett off of
Saturday kitchen and we're making his or
it's Yeti or or initiating things with
broad beans and crab and something else
chili chili yeah this is the password
that I made last night and when now and
all it is is semolina and water
so I'm not good at this but and you're
better than me but it's not your show so
just stay there TEVAR
well I do a bit of this happening which
is you get a little bit of the mixture
and you squish it with your thumb and
then it just looks like little ears to
be honest it looks like a tiny little
thing let's be honest it doesn't look
like it here it looks like it looks like
something at one of my kids this is sort
of the idea isn't it totally the idea
yes you've got that nice rough side pick
up sauce
and then there's a little indentation in
the middle oh that was it good okay okay
so also the other thing I noticed when I
made this the other day because
obviously I practiced okay as you can
tell from my authoring technique yeah is
that you don't need very many of these
in a very very filling dish no which is
rather good isn't that because they are
it's quite labor-intensive to make them
what except once you started it's quite
hard to stop actually really yeah yeah
you need a just enough to fill it palm
of your hand cuz they are very filling
yeah and it's very rich with all the
crab yeah and the oil in the chili great
great okay so this is these now we have
to leave them
we have to leave them here so they can
dry out a bit we mean and then we will
come back in a matter of a moment for
you in a matter of five or six hours
right and we will make the rest of make
the sauce and cook these they take about
one minute to cook they no time sort of
literally in and a half yeah okay and in
fact it's gonna take you ages to make
plaster but to make these took 10
minutes and then to discourage them get
absolute sorry to squidge them took a
couple of minutes okay and then to cook
them takes 1 minute so it's actually
quite quick
okay we're back so we're now ready to
assemble your recipe okay so this has
been sitting here driving for your last
how long do we talk about today so
that's already so it's got a bit drier
I'm going to heat this which is going to
be olive oil with some garlic and some
chili chili get that about right I do
have a tablespoon measure it
that's one chili rated yeah
okay hang on and you gonna throw the
chili next sort of things yeah yeah no
sorry no I mean away it could be okay so
put it to one side okay no we got a
loose then I'm gonna lose the garlic no
I can start again I thought Morgan oh
that's fine that's fine
yeah puts tiny squeeze of lemon in there
just stop that's no it's nice it's great
now but I take it Chuck pour it out to
the pan for a second that's just okay
don't panic
it's alright so we're going to find them
waiting with us to come to the boiler
which one I'm going to put in our pasta
okay and it's gonna cook for how long oh
it's just in up to the ball that's yeah
probably about a minute I'm gonna take
it out with this yes you can use it so
make sure we get some of the water in
okay to kind of balance the oil okay and
then we're gonna put in some crap yep
and yes the broad bean puree that I made
this morning nice and that is just
shallots and garlic and broad beans and
a little bit of stock
yeah puréed I don't know do you pass as
well it's variously know if I've got all
really good about this move oh yeah now
did you steal it or did you amendment no
this is a mix of a couple different
recipes and it's not what you do when
you're into buying recipes you know I've
never been around a bit of that that's a
nice is it is it warm yet
have the beans and the crab in here
ready to go what steady they're there to
be interpreted okay so crab and beans
first okay so yeah let's get the crab of
the bees in there mix mix mix it was
this many beans but I've got more beans
did you think that's not enough please
okay that'll be any no right here now
passed it in then so now we just wait
for this to come straight out let's
scoop it happen to thirty seconds or so
okay okay do I turn that off now so
[Music]
those fingers no ever there's more
solvent best thing that's ever happened
on Saturday kitchen your favorite chef
has ever been on
[Music]
well yeah
say so just that's right just twirl
around just keep you know why I love
Nikolas except but he is so super cool
and his foods fantastic
and then he just like he got into
cooking he hasn't got any gas or any
electric in his kitchens what he's got
seven different different and he's got
seven different stones where are not
stones but you know burners of different
temperatures so he heats things up like
fatty is fat a lot so in heat be fatter
and it will take on the flavors of the
smoke and then they'll pour that with
oysters oh yeah right I'm gonna plate it
up so okay so how much did this just a
touch yeah yeah and then some of that on
top no it's not just enough to hold
things in place
like that sir
stop yes nice can you like this with
your sous-chef in your restaurant
watches well it's a pass is an
interesting because it's it's so last
minute I mean it's all very kind of
rustic of an ass but there's quite a lot
to getting a nice sauce and and it's all
color yeah let us know right see this is
already all that liquid say we might
meet what the name of this dish is
already petit with crab and how
different all that's delivered how
different is it - what if you've done it
completely on your own well not a lot
different um different system crap it's
only crab it's at such a time it's
difficult to get home off good crab but
good flaky white unpasteurized crab me
it's amazing what you do with brown
let's say into a sauce mmm maybe probe I
know
mmm brownie is great to add at the end
of a risotto and then flip over one me
it's much more depth of flavor in the
brown but everyone loves white because
of your texture normally when we do this
we just have one little bite and then I
get very much for watching goodbye
do you don't need my capacity you really
don't
ready in fact we've said that I'm pretty
much done
that's unreal it's lovely yeah that was
Matt tubbo